oh it's you you're gonna get me in
trouble daddy something could hear me I
wish someone wanted to hear me other
than you
[Music]
I know I'm not supposed to love music no
music no music but my great-grandma
Coco's father was the greatest musician
of all time ernesto de la cruz one day
he left with his guitar and never
returned my family thinks music has
occurs great-great-grandfather none of
them understand me
I'm supposed to play music all right
losing the chains and you're really out
there agents at the Department of family
reunions are available to assist you
please be on the lookout for a living
boy begin you here where your family
I know your great-grandpa I'll get you
to him what are you doing no skeletons
don't walk like that that's how you walk
no I don't there's no one left in the
living world who remembers you you
disappear from this world but you can
change that we've gotta find my cricket
grandpa you've got a do it by Sunrise
what happens at sunrise you'll be stuck
here forever
Brad I'm a big fan
never born how much your family loves
you it's almost sunrise one cannot deny
who one is meant to be doesn't have any
hair and I don't have a nose once every
year our ancestors come back to our
world to see family and friends
but no living person
has ever visited their world
until now all right losing the
[Music]
you got to stay with me boy
well
[Music]
you mind
Miki what is going on remind me how I
know you
they're your family
we have to get you back home
welcome anything to declare as a matter
of fact yes
[Music]
Oh